README.md, before:

# Vaadin Flow form creator

This project will take a given Layout, Binder and Bean, and 
create Vaadin fields on the form, according to some annotations
on the bean. 

@FieldOrder annotation is not optional, if it is left out it means
the field will not be generated on the form.

@FieldType can be used to override the default field type deduction.

You don't have to use Lombok annotations.

Example code

```java
@Data
@AllArgsConstructor
@NoArgsConstructor
public class Parameters {

    @NotNull(message="Year is mandatory")
    @Max(value = 2050, message = "Year must be less than 2051")
    @Min(value = 2010, message = "Year must be larger than 2009")
    @FieldLabel(value="The year it all started")
    @FieldOrder(1)
    @FieldWidth("100px")
    @FieldType(NumberField.class)
    Short year;
    
    @FieldOrder(2)
    @FieldLabel("Project type")
    ProjectTypeEnum projectType; 
    // todo: have enum String values used as values in the combobox, looks nicer.
    
    ...
```

Usage

```java
...

Div parent = new Div();
Parameters params = new Parameters();
FormLayout formLayout = new FormLayout(); // Can use VerticalLayout etc. as well.
BeanValidationBinder<Parameters> binder 
        = new BeanValidationBinder<>(Parameters.class);

FormCreator.bindAndCreateFields(formLayout, binder, params);

Button button = new Button();

button.addClickListener( e -> {
    binder.writeBean(params);
    System.out.println(params.toString());
});

...        

parent.add(formLayout);

```

Commit message:

support for using enum values as labels

README.md, after:

# Vaadin Flow form creator

This project will take a given Layout, Binder and Bean, and 
create Vaadin fields on the form, according to some annotations
on the bean. 

@FieldOrder annotation is not optional, if it is left out it means
the field will not be generated on the form.

@FieldType can be used to override the default field type deduction.

You don't have to use Lombok annotations.

If your enum implements HasLabel the getLabel will be used to populate
the combobox.

Lists in the bean, of type string or number, can be represented
in gui as a commaseparated list in a TextField or NumberField.

Example code

```java
@Data
@AllArgsConstructor
@NoArgsConstructor
public class Parameters {

    @NotNull(message="Year is mandatory")
    @Max(value = 2050, message = "Year must be less than 2051")
    @Min(value = 2010, message = "Year must be larger than 2009")
    @FieldLabel(value="The year it all started")
    @FieldOrder(1)
    @FieldWidth("100px")
    @FieldType(NumberField.class)
    Short year;
    
    @FieldOrder(2)
    @FieldLabel("Project type")
    ProjectTypeEnum projectType; 
    // todo: have enum String values used as values in the combobox, looks nicer.
    
    ...
```

Usage

```java
...

Div parent = new Div();
Parameters params = new Parameters();
FormLayout formLayout = new FormLayout(); // Can use VerticalLayout etc. as well.
BeanValidationBinder<Parameters> binder 
        = new BeanValidationBinder<>(Parameters.class);

FormCreator.bindAndCreateFields(formLayout, binder, params);

Button button = new Button();

button.addClickListener( e -> {
    binder.writeBean(params);
    System.out.println(params.toString());
});

...        

parent.add(formLayout);

```
